.TH "Available_Native_Calls_Page" 3 "25 Sep 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Available_Native_Calls_Page \- Available Calls 
Embryo provides a minimal set of native calls that can be used within any Embryo script.
.PP
Those calls are detailed here.
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Some of the 'core' functions here are also described in the full Small documentation given
.RE
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Finish this section.
.RE
.PP
.SH "Argument Functions"
.PP
.SS "numargs"
Returns the number of arguments passed to a function. Useful when dealing with variable argument lists.
.SS "getarg(arg, index=0)"
Retrieves the argument number \fCarg\fP. If the argument is an array, use \fCindex\fP to specify the index of the array to return.
.SS "setargs(arg, index=0, value)"
Sets the argument number \fCarg\fP to the given \fCarg\fP. \fCindex\fP specifies the index of \fCarg\fP to set if \fCarg\fP is an array.
.SH "String Functions"
.PP
Functions that work on strings.
.SS "atoi"
Translates an number in string form into an integer.
.SS "fnmatch"
Buggered if I know what this does?
.SS "strcmp"
String comparing function.
.SH "Float Functions"
.PP
.SS "float"
.SS "atof"
.SS "float_mul"
.SS "float_div"
.SS "float_add"
.SS "float_sub"
.SS "fract"
.SS "round"
.SS "float_cmp"
.SS "sqrt"
.SS "pow"
.SS "log"
.SS "sin"
.SS "cos"
.SS "tan"
.SS "abs"
Returns the absolute value of the given float.
.SH "Time Functions"
.PP
.SS "seconds()"
.SS "date"
.SH "Random Functions"
.PP
.SS "rand()"
Returns a random integer.
.SS "randf()"
Returns a random float. 
