.TH "Public Variable Access Functions" 3 "25 Sep 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Public Variable Access Functions \- In an Embryo program, a global variable can be declared public, as described in \fBScope\fP.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Cell \fBembryo_program_variable_find\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the location of the public variable in the given program with the given name. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_program_variable_count_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the number of public variables in the given program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Cell \fBembryo_program_variable_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, int num)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the location of the public variable in the given program with the given identifier. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
In an Embryo program, a global variable can be declared public, as described in \fBScope\fP. 
.PP
The functions here allow the host program to access these public variables. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI int embryo_program_variable_count_get (Embryo_Program * ep)"
.PP
Retrieves the number of public variables in the given program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The number of public variables. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Embryo_Cell embryo_program_variable_find (Embryo_Program * ep, const char * name)"
.PP
Retrieves the location of the public variable in the given program with the given name. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIname\fP The given name. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The address of the variable if found. \fCEMBRYO_CELL_NONE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References EMBRYO_CELL_NONE.
.SS "EAPI Embryo_Cell embryo_program_variable_get (Embryo_Program * ep, int num)"
.PP
Retrieves the location of the public variable in the given program with the given identifier. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fInum\fP The identifier of the public variable. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The virtual machine address of the variable if found. \fCEMBRYO_CELL_NONE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References EMBRYO_CELL_NONE.
