.TH "Embryo Data String Functions" 3 "19 May 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Embryo Data String Functions \- Functions that operate on strings in the memory of a virtual machine.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_data_string_length_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell *str_cell)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the length of the string starting at the given cell. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_data_string_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell *str_cell, char *dst)"
.br
.RI "\fICopies the string starting at the given cell to the given buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_data_string_set\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, const char *src, Embryo_Cell *str_cell)"
.br
.RI "\fICopies string in the given buffer into the virtual machine memory starting at the given cell. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Cell * \fBembryo_data_address_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell addr)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetreives a pointer to the address in the virtual machine given by the given cell. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that operate on strings in the memory of a virtual machine. 
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI Embryo_Cell* embryo_data_address_get (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell addr)"
.PP
Retreives a pointer to the address in the virtual machine given by the given cell. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program whose virtual machine address is being queried. 
.br
\fIaddr\fP The given cell. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A pointer to the cell at the given address. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by embryo_program_run().
.SS "EAPI void embryo_data_string_get (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell * str_cell, char * dst)"
.PP
Copies the string starting at the given cell to the given buffer. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program the cell is part of. 
.br
\fIstr_cell\fP Pointer to the first cell of the string. 
.br
\fIdst\fP The given buffer. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI int embryo_data_string_length_get (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell * str_cell)"
.PP
Retrieves the length of the string starting at the given cell. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program the cell is part of. 
.br
\fIstr_cell\fP Pointer to the first cell of the string. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The length of the string. \fC0\fP is returned if there is an error. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void embryo_data_string_set (Embryo_Program * ep, const char * src, Embryo_Cell * str_cell)"
.PP
Copies string in the given buffer into the virtual machine memory starting at the given cell. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program the cell is part of. 
.br
\fIsrc\fP The given buffer. 
.br
\fIstr_cell\fP Pointer to the first cell to copy the string to. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by embryo_program_run().
