.TH "Function Functions" 3 "19 May 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Function Functions \- Functions that deal with Embryo program functions.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_program_native_call_add\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, const char *name, Embryo_Cell(*func)(Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell *params))"
.br
.RI "\fIAdds a native program call to the given Embryo program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Function \fBembryo_program_function_find\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, const char *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns the function in the given program with the given name. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that deal with Embryo program functions. 
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI Embryo_Function embryo_program_function_find (Embryo_Program * ep, const char * name)"
.PP
Returns the function in the given program with the given name. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIname\fP The given function name. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The function if successful. Otherwise, \fCEMBRYO_FUNCTION_NONE\fP. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References EMBRYO_FUNCTION_NONE.
.SS "EAPI void embryo_program_native_call_add (Embryo_Program * ep, const char * name, Embryo_Cell(*)(Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell *params) func)"
.PP
Adds a native program call to the given Embryo program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given Embryo program. 
.br
\fIname\fP The name for the call used in the script. 
.br
\fIfunc\fP The function to use when the call is made. 
.RE
.PP

