.TH "Error Functions" 3 "25 Sep 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Error Functions \- Functions that set and retrieve error codes in Embryo programs.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_program_error_set\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, int error)"
.br
.RI "\fISets the error code for the given program to the given code. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_program_error_get\fP (Embryo_Program *ep)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves the current error code for the given program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI const char * \fBembryo_error_string_get\fP (int error)"
.br
.RI "\fIRetrieves a string describing the given error code. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that set and retrieve error codes in Embryo programs. 
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI const char* embryo_error_string_get (int error)"
.PP
Retrieves a string describing the given error code. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIerror\fP The given error code. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
String describing the given error code. If the given code is not known, the string '(unknown)' is returned. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI int embryo_program_error_get (Embryo_Program * ep)"
.PP
Retrieves the current error code for the given program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The current error code. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void embryo_program_error_set (Embryo_Program * ep, int error)"
.PP
Sets the error code for the given program to the given code. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIerror\fP The given error code. 
.RE
.PP

