.TH "Heap Functions" 3 "25 Sep 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Heap Functions \- The heap is an area of memory that can be allocated for program use at runtime.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Cell \fBembryo_data_heap_push\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, int cells)"
.br
.RI "\fIIncreases the size of the heap of the given virtual machine by the given number of Embryo_Cells. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_data_heap_pop\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell down_to)"
.br
.RI "\fIDecreases the size of the heap of the given virtual machine down to the given size. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
The heap is an area of memory that can be allocated for program use at runtime. 
.PP
The heap functions here change the amount of heap memory available. 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI void embryo_data_heap_pop (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell down_to)"
.PP
Decreases the size of the heap of the given virtual machine down to the given size. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program with the given virtual machine. 
.br
\fIdown_to\fP The given size. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Embryo_Cell embryo_data_heap_push (Embryo_Program * ep, int cells)"
.PP
Increases the size of the heap of the given virtual machine by the given number of Embryo_Cells. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The program with the given virtual machine. 
.br
\fIcells\fP The given number of Embryo_Cells. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The address of the new memory region on success. \fCEMBRYO_CELL_NONE\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References EMBRYO_CELL_NONE.
.PP
Referenced by embryo_program_run().
