.TH "Function Parameter Functions" 3 "19 May 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Function Parameter Functions \- Functions that set parameters for the next function that is called.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_parameter_cell_push\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell cell)"
.br
.RI "\fIPushes an Embryo_Cell onto the function stack to use as a parameter for the next function that is called in the given program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_parameter_string_push\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, const char *str)"
.br
.RI "\fIPushes a string onto the function stack to use as a parameter for the next function that is called in the given program. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI int \fBembryo_parameter_cell_array_push\fP (Embryo_Program *ep, Embryo_Cell *cells, int num)"
.br
.RI "\fIPushes an array of Embryo_Cells onto the function stack to be used as parameters for the next function that is called in the given program. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that set parameters for the next function that is called. 
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI int embryo_parameter_cell_array_push (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell * cells, int num)"
.PP
Pushes an array of Embryo_Cells onto the function stack to be used as parameters for the next function that is called in the given program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIcells\fP The array of Embryo_Cells. 
.br
\fInum\fP The number of cells in \fCcells\fP. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fC1\fP if successful. \fC0\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References embryo_parameter_cell_push().
.SS "EAPI int embryo_parameter_cell_push (Embryo_Program * ep, Embryo_Cell cell)"
.PP
Pushes an Embryo_Cell onto the function stack to use as a parameter for the next function that is called in the given program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIcell\fP The Embryo_Cell to push onto the stack. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fC1\fP if successful. \fC0\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by embryo_parameter_cell_array_push().
.SS "EAPI int embryo_parameter_string_push (Embryo_Program * ep, const char * str)"
.PP
Pushes a string onto the function stack to use as a parameter for the next function that is called in the given program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.br
\fIstr\fP The string to push onto the stack. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fC1\fP if successful. \fC0\fP otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References embryo_parameter_string_push().
.PP
Referenced by embryo_parameter_string_push().
