.TH "Program Creation and Destruction Functions" 3 "25 Sep 2008" "Embryo" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Program Creation and Destruction Functions \- Functions that set up programs, and destroy them.  

.PP
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Program * \fBembryo_program_new\fP (void *data, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new Embryo program, with bytecode data that can be freed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Program * \fBembryo_program_const_new\fP (void *data, int size)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new Embryo program, with bytecode data that cannot be freed. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI Embryo_Program * \fBembryo_program_load\fP (char *file)"
.br
.RI "\fICreates a new Embryo program based on the bytecode data stored in the given file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "EAPI void \fBembryo_program_free\fP (Embryo_Program *ep)"
.br
.RI "\fIFrees the given Embryo program. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Functions that set up programs, and destroy them. 
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EAPI Embryo_Program* embryo_program_const_new (void * data, int size)"
.PP
Creates a new Embryo program, with bytecode data that cannot be freed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Pointer to the bytecode of the program. 
.br
\fIsize\fP Number of bytes of bytecode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new Embryo program. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI void embryo_program_free (Embryo_Program * ep)"
.PP
Frees the given Embryo program. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIep\fP The given program. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "EAPI Embryo_Program* embryo_program_load (char * file)"
.PP
Creates a new Embryo program based on the bytecode data stored in the given file. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfile\fP Filename of the given file. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new Embryo program. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
References embryo_program_new(), and embryo_swap_32().
.SS "EAPI Embryo_Program* embryo_program_new (void * data, int size)"
.PP
Creates a new Embryo program, with bytecode data that can be freed. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP Pointer to the bytecode of the program. 
.br
\fIsize\fP Number of bytes of bytecode. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
A new Embryo program. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by embryo_program_load().
